Add data grid documentation for association filtering (#5579)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/appstore/modules/data-widgets/data-grid-2.md

{{< figure src="/attachments/appstore/modules/data-widgets/data-grid-2/tooltip-prop.png" alt="Example of wrap text" >}}

### 4.9 Association filter

> * **Reference** — this property define association that will be used for filtering. When set, it enable filtering over association with the Drop-down filter. Drop-down filter will prioritize this property over `Attribute` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Reference** — this property defines the association that will be used for filtering. When set, it enables filtering over association with the Drop-down filter. Drop-down filter will prioritize this property over `Attribute` property.
```

{{< figure src="/attachments/appstore/modules/data-widgets/data-grid-2/dropdown-filter.png" alt="Example of default drop-down filter" >}}

> **Drop-down filter** allows users to match enumeration values, Boolean attribute or an association attribute. To configure the available options when you press the drop-down filter, you can manually add them in the options list or select **Automatic options** to automatically load the values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Drop-down filter** allows users to match enumeration values, Boolean attributes, or an association attribute. To configure the available options when you press the drop-down filter, you can manually add them to the options list or select **Automatic options** to automatically load the values:
```

{{< figure src="/attachments/appstore/modules/data-widgets/data-grid-2/dropdown-filter-settings.png" alt="Example of settings for drop-down filter" >}}

> When Drop-down filter used in conjunction with [Association filter](#49-association-filter) data grid configuration, only **Automatic options** supported. Any custom options will be ignored. Please check [Association filter](#49-association-filter) section to learn how to enable association filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Drop-down filter is used in conjunction with [Association filter](#49-association-filter) data grid configuration, only **Automatic options** are supported. Any custom options will be ignored. Please check [Association filter](#49-association-filter) section to learn how to enable association filtering.
```

If a filter is being used and its type does not match with any selected attribute, then it will throw an error requesting you to select the correct filter widget.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert color="warn" %}}

> There cannot be more than one filter of the same type in the data grid header. For example, if data grid header already have `Number Filter` adding another `Number Filter` will cause incorrect data filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There cannot be more than one filter of the same type in the data grid header. For example, if data grid header already has a `Number Filter` adding another `Number Filter` will cause incorrect data filtering.
```
